Test 1: Add New Book
1.1: Cannot save without title or book format. Popups should show that blank book title and book format are invalid.
1.2: Cannot save without title. Popup should show that blank book title is invalid.
1.3: Cannot save without book format. Popup should show that blank book format is invalid.
1.4: Add a title and a book format and click save.
1.5: Book title and book format should show on the main book view.
1.6: Book shows up under 'All Books' view and 'To Be Read' view.
1.7: Book title and book format should show up on the book preview in the book list.

Test 2: Update book: Reading Progress
2.1: Toggle 'Queue this book up next for reading?' and save book. Book shows up under 'Reading' view and is no longer under 'To Be Read' view.
2.2: Add 'Total Pages.' 'Book Checkpoints' should update to show 1/4, 1/2, 3/4, and the total pages under the 'Progress Bar.'
2.3: Click on the 'Pages Read' number. Popup should appear with slider. 'Pages Read' should display a 0 in between the label and the button.
2.4: Drag the slider. 'Pages Read' count should update between 0 and the total number of pages.
2.5: Click outside of the popup. 'Pages Read' on the book edit view should not update
2.6: Repeat 2.3 and 2.4. This time, click the 'Save' button. 'Pages Read' should update. 'Percentage Read' and the 'Progress Bar' should update, too.
2.7: Click the plus and minus under the 'Pages Read' number. Should increment and decrement by 1, and the 'Percentage Read' and 'Progress Bar' should still update.
2.8: Click Save.
2.9: 'Total Pages,' 'Page Read,' 'Book Checkpoints,' 'Percentage Read,' and 'Progress Bar' should be updated on main book view.
2.10: 'Percentage Read' and 'Total Pages' should show up on the book preview in the book list.
2.11: 'Queue this book up next for reading?' toggle should no longer display once book has registered progress and been saved.

Test 3: Update book: Read Book
3.1: Toggle 'Read?' 'Pages Read, 'Percentage Read,' and 'Progress Bar' should update.
3.2: Decrement the 'Pages Read' count with the stepper. 'Read?" toggle should set back to false.
3.3: Increment stepper back to total page count. 'Read?' toggle should set back to true. Save book.
3.4: 'Read?' toggle, 'Pages Read,' 'Percentage Read,' and 'Progress Bar' should update on the main book view.
3.5: Book should show up under 'Read' view and is no longer under 'Reading' view.
3.6: 'Percentage Read' should show up on the book preview in the book list.

Test 4: Update book: Rating and Favorite
4.1: Click on 3 stars for the book. 3 stars should now show as filled.
4.2: Test the remaining stars. The rating section should fill or empty depending on the star index selected.
4.3: Click to the left of the rating section. The stars should reset to 0 and be empty.
4.4. Set Rating to any value other than 0.
4.5: Click the heart. It should fill.
4.6: Click the heart again and it should empty. Set the value back to true (filled). Save.
4.7: The Rating and Favorite values on the main book view should show the correct values.

Test 5: Update book: Reading Start and End Dates
5.1: Click anywhere between the label and calendar icon for the 'Reading Start Date'. A popup should appear. Select a date and click 'OK.'
5.2: 'Reading Start Date' should display. Click save.
5.3: 'Reading Start Date' on the main book view should only display a date.
5.4: Repeat 5.1-5.3 for the 'Reading End Date'.

Test 6: Update book: Chapters
6.1: Click the plus button under the 'Chapters' section three times. Three rows should appear.
6.2: Type a 'Chapter Name' and 'Page Range' into one row.
6.3: Click the minus button next to another row. It should no longer show in the list.
6.4: Save the book. Only one chapter should appear in the list and the extra empty row should have been removed and not saved.
6.5: Add two more chapters and save again. There should be three chapters in the list now.
6.6: Click the minus button next to one of the chapters and save again. There should only be two chapters now.

Test 7: Update book: Authors
7.1: Click the plus button under the 'Authors' section three times. Three rows should appear.
7.2: Type in an author's 'First Name' and 'Last Name' into one row.
7.3: Click the minus button next to another row. It should no longer show in the list.
7.4: Save the book. Only one author should appear in the list and the extra empty row should have been removed and not saved.
7.5: On the book preview in the book list, the author's name should appear, last name first, then first name.
7.6: Add two more authors and save again. There should be three authors in the list now. On the book preview, there should be three authors listed, separated with a semi-colon. If the list is too long, it should cut off with an ellipse denoting there is more to the string.
7.7: Click the minus button next to one of the authors and save again. There should only be two authors now. On the book preview, there should also only be two authors.

Test 8: Update book: Series
8.1: Click the 'Series' dropdown and select a series. Click save.
8.2: On the main book view, there should be a line that states this book is part of the selected series.
8.3: Click the minus next to the 'Series' and save again. The part of series line should be gone.
8.4: Click the plus button next to 'Series.' It should bring up another screen where you can add a series. Add a series name and click save. More testing will be done later.
8.5: The new series added should show in the list. Click on it. Add a 'Book Number' in the series and click save again.
8.6: The part of series string should have the new series name and what book number you selected.

Test 9: Update book: Collection
9.1: Click the 'Collection' dropdown and select a collection. Click save.
9.2: On the main book view, there should be a line that states this book is part of the selected collection.
9.3: Click the minus next to the 'Collection' and save again. The part of collection line should be gone.
9.4: Click the plus button next to 'Collection.' It should bring up another screen where you can add a collection. Add a collection name and click save. More testing will be done later.
9.5: The new collection added should show in the list. Click on it and click save again.
9.6: The part of collection string should have the new collection name.

Test 10: Update book: Genre
10.1: Click the 'Genre' dropdown and select a genre. Click save.
10.2: On the main book view, there should be a line that shows the selected genre.
10.3: Click the minus next to the 'Genre' and save again. The selected genre should no longer show.
10.4: Click the plus button next to 'Genre.' It should bring up another screen where you can add a genre. Add a genre name and click save. More testing will be done later.
10.5: The new genre added should show in the list. Click on it and click save again.
10.6: The new genre name should now display on the main book view.

Test 11: Update book: Location
11.1: Click the 'Location' dropdown and select a location. Click save.
11.2: On the main book view, there should be a line that shows the selected location.
11.3: Click the minus next to the 'Location' and save again. The selected location should no longer show.
11.4: Click the plus button next to 'Location.' It should bring up another screen where you can add a location. Add a location name and click save. More testing will be done later.
11.5: The new location added should show in the list. Click on it and click save again.
11.6: The new location name should now display on the main book view.

Test 12: Update book: Other book information
12.1: Update the 'Book Publisher.'
12.2: Update the 'Book Publish Year.' This should only allow for numbers.
12.3: Update the 'Book Identifier.' This should only allow for numbers.
12.4: Update the 'Book Language.'
12.5: Update the 'Book Price,' without the currency symbol.
12.6: Update the 'Book URL.'
12.7: Update the 'Book Loaned To.'
12.8: Update the 'Book Loaned Out On.'
12.9. Toggle 'Hide book...?'
12.10: Update the 'Book Summary.'
12.11: Update the 'Book Comments.'
12.12: Click save. On the main book view all the information update should be reflected.
12.13: Update the 'Book Price' with the currency symbol. It should update and not have multiple symbols.
12.14: On the book preview in the book list, the 'Book Publisher' and 'Book Publish Year' should display.

Test 13: Update book: Book Cover
13.1: Download an image to upload as the book cover. Click the image plus button and click 'Upload Existing File.' Select downloaded image.
13.2: Image should show where the book cover should go. Click on it. A popup with the image should appear. You should be able to pinch and zoom and pan the image.
13.3: Click outside of the popup. Image should still show when popup has been dismissed. Click save.
13.4: On main book view, image should display. You should be able to view the image popup, pinch, zoom, pan, and dismiss like in the edit book view.
13.5: On the book preview in the book list, the book image should display.
13.6: Click the image minus button. It should remove the image. Click save. On the book main view and book preview, there should no longer be an image.
13.7: Find an image URL. This will be website/image.filetype. Click the image plus button and click 'Book Cover URL.' A popup should appear for you to paste the URL.
13.8: Paste the image URL, but then dismiss the popup. The book cover should not update.
13.9: This time, paste the image URL, but click the save button. The book cover image should appear. Like with the other image, you should be able to click the image and get a popup that you can maneuver the image in. Click save.
13.10: Also, like with the uploaded image, you should get an image on the main book view and book preview.

Test 14: Delete book
14.1: Click 'Delete Book.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the book. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and book should not be deleted. You should stay on the main book view.
14.2: Click 'Delete Book' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the book has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the book list view and should not be able to find the book.

Test 15: Share book
15.1: Click the icon in a book.
15.2: If there is just a book title, you will only see a book title to copy.
15.3: If there is a book title and one author, you will see book title by author.
15.4: If there is a book title and more than one author, you will see book title by author, et al.
15.5: If there is a book title and author/s and a URL, you will see book title by author (book URL).
15.6: If there is a book title and a URL (no author/s), you will see book tile (book URL).

Test 16: Filtering book list (including existing book list)
16.1: Favorite: The default will be 'Both' and will display all the books in the list, both favorite books and non-favorite books. Change the filter to 'Favorites' and click save. This should only display favorite books.
16.2: Favorite: Change the filter to 'Non-Favorites' and click save. This should only display non-favorite books.
16.3: Favorite: Change the filter to 'Both' and click Save. This should reset the list back.
16.4: Publishers: The default will be 'All Publishers' and will display all books in the list, regardless of the publisher (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Publisher' and click save. This should only display books without publishers listed.
16.5: Publishers: Change the filter to any of the other listed publishers and click save. This should only display books with that publisher listed.
16.6: Publishers: Change the filter to 'All Publishers' and click save. This should reset the list back.
16.7: Publish Years: The default will be 'All Publish Years' and will display all books in the list, regardless of the publish year (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Publish Year' and click save. This should only display books without a publish year listed.
16.8: Publish Years: Change the filter to any of the publish year ranges listed and click save. This should only display books within that publish year range.
16.9: Publish Years: Change the filter to 'All Publish Years' and click save. This should reset the list back.
16.10: Book Formats: The default will be 'All Formats' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of the book format.
16.11: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'eBook' and click save. This should only display books in the eBook format.
16.12: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Paperback' and click save. This should only display books in the Paperback format.
16.13: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Hardcover' and click save. This should only display books in the Hardcover format.
16.14: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Audiobook' and click save. This should only display books in the Audiobook format.
16.15: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'All Formats' and click save. This should reset the list back.
16.16: Book Language: The default will be 'All Languages' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of language (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Language' and click save. This should only display books without a language listed.
16.17: Book Language: Change the filter to any of the languages listed and click save. This should only display books with that language listed.
16.18: Book Language: Change the filter to 'All Languages' and click save. This should reset the list back.
16.19: Book Rating: The default will be 'All Ratings' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of language (or lack there of). Change the filter to '0' and click save. This should only display books with 0 stars selected for the rating.
16.20: Book Rating: Change the filter to '1' and click save. This should only display books with 1 stars selected for the rating.
16.21: Book Rating: Change the filter to '2' and click save. This should only display books with 2 stars selected for the rating.
16.22: Book Rating: Change the filter to '3' and click save. This should only display books with 3 stars selected for the rating.
16.23: Book Rating: Change the filter to '4' and click save. This should only display books with 4 stars selected for the rating.
16.24: Book Rating: Change the filter to '5' and click save. This should only display books with 5 stars selected for the rating.
16.25: Book Rating: Change the filter to 'All Ratings' and click save. This should reset the list back.
16.26: Change any number of filters, but click outside the popup and do not save. The list should not update.
16.27: Change the filters to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.


Test 17: Sorting book list
17.1: Book Title: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Title' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by book title (alphabetically).
17.2: Book Title: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Title' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.3: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the first listed author last name (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
17.4: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the first listed author last name (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.5: Book Reading Date: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Reading Date' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book start date (oldest), then by the book end date (oldest), then by book title (alphabetically).
17.6: Book Reading Date: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Reading Date' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book start date (newest), then by the book end date (newest), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.7: Book Read Percentage: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Read Percentage' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book read percentage (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
17.8: Book Read Percentage: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Read Percentage' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book read percentage (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.9: Book Publisher: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publisher' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publisher (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
17.10: Book Publisher: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publisher' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publisher (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.11: Book Publish Year: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publish Year' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publish year (oldest) then by book title (alphabetically).
17.12: Book Publish Year: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publish Year' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publish year (newest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.13: Book Format: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Format' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book format (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
17.14: Book Format: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Format' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book format (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.15: Page Count: Change the radio buttons to 'Page Count' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book total pages (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
17.16: Page Count: Change the radio buttons to 'Page Count' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book total pages (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.17: Book Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book price (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
17.18: Book Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book price (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.19: Series Order: On the Series List View: Change the radio buttons to 'Series' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book number (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
17.20: Series Order: On the Series List View: Change the radio buttons to 'Series' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book number (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
17.21: Reading View Defaults: Book Reading Date, Descending.
17.22: To Be Read View Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.23: Read View Defaults: Book Reading Date, Descending.
17.24: All Books Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.25: Collection Book List Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.26: Genre Book List Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.27: Series Book List Defaults: Series Order, Ascending.
17.28: Author Book List Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.29: Location Book List Defaults: Book Title, Ascending.
17.30: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 18: Collections: Add/update/delete collection
18.1: Click to add new collection. Cannot save without a 'Collection Name.' Popup should display telling you that a blank collection name is invalid.
18.2: Add a 'Collection Name' and click save. Main collection view of the new collection should display when new collection has been created.
18.3: Click three dots and 'Edit.' Edit 'Collection Name' and click save. Main collection view and collection preview in collection list should show updated name.
18.4: Click three dots and 'Delete.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the collection. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and collection should not be deleted. You should stay on the collection list view.
18.5: Click three dots and 'Delete' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the collection has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the collection list and should not be able to find the collection.

Test 19: Collections: Add book to collection
19.1: In main collection view, click 'Add New Book.'
19.2: Add a 'Book Title' and 'Book Format.' The collection should already be filled in with the collection name that you clicked in. Click save. You should be shown the main book view with the part of collection string filled in. Pressing back should show the main collection view with the new book added.
19.3: Click 'Add Existing Book.' This should show a list of books without a collection added.
19.4: Click on the book you want to add. A popup should display asking if you want to add the book to the collection. Click no, a popup should display action canceled and the list should not change.
19.5: Click on the book again and click yes on the popup this time. You should be navigated to the main book view of the selected book and a popup should display saying the book was added to the collection. The part of collection string should be filled in. Clicking back should go back to the 'Add Existing Book' screen and the selected book shouldn't be in the list anymore. Clicking back again should go back to the main collection view where the selected book is now in the list.

Test 20: Collections: Sorting
20.1: Collection Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Collection Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by the collection name (alphabetically).
20.2: Collection Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Collection Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by the collection name (reverse alphabetically).
20.3: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the collection (smallest), then by the collection name (alphabetically).
20.4: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the collection (largest), then by the collection name (reverse alphabetically).
20.5: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the collection (smallest), then by the collection name (alphabetically).
20.6: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the collection (largest), then by the collection name (reverse alphabetically).
20.7: Default: Collection Name, Ascending.
20.8: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 21: Genres: Add/update/delete genre
21.1: Click to add new genre. Cannot save without a 'Genre Name.' Popup should display telling you that a blank genre name is invalid.
21.2: Add a 'Genre Name' and click save. Main genre view of the new genre should display when new genre has been created.
21.3: Click three dots and 'Edit.' Edit 'Genre Name' and click save. Main genre view and genre preview in genre list should show updated name.
21.4: Click three dots and 'Delete.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the genre. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and genre should not be deleted. You should stay on the genre list view.
21.5: Click three dots and 'Delete' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the genre has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the genre list and should not be able to find the genre.

Test 22: Genres: Add book to genre
22.1: In main genre view, click 'Add New Book.'
22.2: Add a 'Book Title' and 'Book Format.' The genre should already be filled in with the genre name that you clicked in. Click save. You should be shown the main book view with the genre name filled in. Pressing back should show the main genre view with the new book added.
22.3: Click 'Add Existing Book.' This should show a list of books without a genre added.
22.4: Click on the book you want to add. A popup should display asking if you want to add the book to the genre. Click no, a popup should display action canceled and the list should not change.
22.5: Click on the book again and click yes on the popup this time. You should be navigated to the main book view of the selected book and a popup should display saying the book was added to the genre. The genre name should be filled in. Clicking back should go back to the 'Add Existing Book' screen and the selected book shouldn't be in the list anymore. Clicking back again should go back to the main genre view where the selected book is now in the list.

Test 23: Genres: Sorting
23.1: Genre Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Genre Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by the genre name (alphabetically).
23.2: Genre Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Genre Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by the genre name (reverse alphabetically).
23.3: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the genre (smallest), then by the genre name (alphabetically).
23.4: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the genre (largest), then by the genre name (reverse alphabetically).
23.5: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the genre (smallest), then by the genre name (alphabetically).
23.6: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the genre (largest), then by the genre name (reverse alphabetically).
23.7: Default: Genre Name, Ascending.
23.8: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 24: Series: Add/update/delete series
24.1: Click to add new series. Cannot save without a 'Series Name.' Popup should display telling you that a blank series name is invalid.
24.2: Add a 'Series Name' and 'Total Books in Series' and click save. Main series view of the new series should display when new series has been created. On the series preview, there should be a string that says the number of books in the series of the total number of books in the series.
24.3: Click three dots and 'Edit.' Edit 'Series Name' and click save. Main series view and series preview in series list should show updated name.
24.4: Click three dots and 'Delete.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the series. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and series should not be deleted. You should stay on the series list view.
24.5: Click three dots and 'Delete' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the series has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the series list and should not be able to find the series.

Test 25: Series: Add book to series
25.1: In main series view, click 'Add New Book.'
25.2: Add a 'Book Title' and 'Book Format.' The series should already be filled in with the series name that you clicked in. Click save. You should be shown the main book view with the part of series string filled in. Pressing back should show the main series view with the new book added.
25.3: Click 'Add Existing Book.' This should show a list of books without a series added.
25.4: Click on the book you want to add. A popup should display asking if you want to add the book to the series. Click no, a popup should display action canceled and the list should not change.
25.5: Click on the book again and click yes on the popup this time. You should be navigated to the main book view of the selected book and a popup should display saying the book was added to the series. The part of series string should be filled in. Clicking back should go back to the 'Add Existing Book' screen and the selected book shouldn't be in the list anymore. Clicking back again should go back to the main series view where the selected book is now in the list.

Test 26: Series: Sorting
26.1: Series Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Series Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by the series name (alphabetically).
26.2: Series Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Series Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by the series name (reverse alphabetically).
26.3: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the series (smallest), then by the series name (alphabetically).
26.4: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the series (largest), then by the series name (reverse alphabetically).
26.5: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the series (smallest), then by the series name (alphabetically).
26.6: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the series (largest), then by the series name (reverse alphabetically).
26.7: Default: Series Name, Ascending.
26.8: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 27: Authors: Add/update/delete author
27.1: Click to add new author. Cannot save without a 'Author Name.' Popup should display telling you that a blank author first name and last name is invalid.
27.2: Add a 'Author Name' and click save. Main author view of the new author should display when new author has been created.
27.3: Click three dots and 'Edit.' Edit 'Author Name' and click save. Main author view and author preview in author list should show updated name.
27.4: Click three dots and 'Delete.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the author. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and author should not be deleted. You should stay on the author list view.
27.5: Click three dots and 'Delete' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the author has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the author list and should not be able to find the author.

Test 28: Authors: Add book to author
28.1: In main author view, click 'Add New Book.'
28.2: Add a 'Book Title' and 'Book Format.' The author list should already have the author name added that you clicked in. Click save. You should be shown the main book view with the author name added. Pressing back should show the main author view with the new book added.
28.3: Click 'Add Existing Book.' This should show a list of books without the author added.
28.4: Click on the book you want to add. A popup should display asking if you want to add the book to the author. Click no, a popup should display action canceled and the list should not change.
28.5: Click on the book again and click yes on the popup this time. You should be navigated to the main book view of the selected book and a popup should display saying the book was added to the author. The author list should have the author name added to it. Clicking back should go back to the 'Add Existing Book' screen and the selected book shouldn't be in the list anymore. Clicking back again should go back to the main author view where the selected book is now in the list.

Test 29: Authors: Sorting
29.1: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the author last name (alphabetically), then the author first name (alphabetically).
29.2: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the author last name (reverse alphabetically), then the author first name (reverse alphabetically).
29.3: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books for the author (smallest), then by the author last name (alphabetically), then by the author first name (alphabetically).
29.4: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books for the author (largest), then by the author last name (reverse alphabetically), then by the author first name (reverse alphabetically).
29.5: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books for the author (smallest), then by the author last name (alphabetically), then by the author first name (alphabetically).
29.6: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books for author (largest), then by the author last name (reverse alphabetically), then by the author first name (reverse alphabetically).
29.7: Default: Author Last Name, Ascending.
29.8: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 30: Locations: Add/update/delete location
30.1: Click to add new location. Cannot save without a 'Location Name.' Popup should display telling you that a blank location name is invalid.
30.2: Add a 'Location Name' and click save. Main location view of the new location should display when new location has been created.
30.3: Click three dots and 'Edit.' Edit 'Location Name' and click save. Main location view and location preview in location list should show updated name.
30.4: Click three dots and 'Delete.' A popup should appear asking if you want to delete the location. Click no. A popup should display saying action canceled and location should not be deleted. You should stay on the location list view.
30.5: Click three dots and 'Delete' again. This time, click yes on the popup. There should be a popup that displays saying the location has been deleted. When dismissed, you should be taken back to the location list and should not be able to find the location.

Test 31: Locations: Add book to location
31.1: In main location view, click 'Add New Book.'
31.2: Add a 'Book Title' and 'Book Format.' The location should already be filled in with the location name that you clicked in. Click save. You should be shown the main book view with the location name filled in. Pressing back should show the main location view with the new book added.
31.3: Click 'Add Existing Book.' This should show a list of books without a location added.
31.4: Click on the book you want to add. A popup should display asking if you want to add the book to the location. Click no, a popup should display action canceled and the list should not change.
31.5: Click on the book again and click yes on the popup this time. You should be navigated to the main book view of the selected book and a popup should display saying the book was added to the location. The location name should be filled in. Clicking back should go back to the 'Add Existing Book' screen and the selected book shouldn't be in the list anymore. Clicking back again should go back to the main location view where the selected book is now in the list.

Test 32: Locations: Sorting
32.1: Location Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Location Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by the location name (alphabetically).
32.2: Location Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Location Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by the location name (reverse alphabetically).
32.3: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the location (smallest), then by the location name (alphabetically).
32.4: Total Books: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Books' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total number of books in the location (largest), then by the location name (reverse alphabetically).
32.5: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the location (smallest), then by the location name (alphabetically).
32.6: Total Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Total Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the total price of books in the location (largest), then by the location name (reverse alphabetically).
32.7: Default: Location Name, Ascending.
32.8: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 33: Wishlist: Add new book
33.1: Cannot save without title or book format. Popups should show that blank book title and book format are invalid.
33.2: Cannot save without title. Popup should show that blank book title is invalid.
33.3: Cannot save without book format. Popup should show that blank book format is invalid.
33.4: Add a title and a book format and click save.
33.5: Book title and book format should show on the main book view.
33.6: Book shows up in the 'Wishlist' view.
33.7: Book title and book format should show up on the book preview in the book list.
33.8: Add a 'Book Series,' 'Book Number,' 'Total Pages,' 'Where to Buy,' 'Book Publisher,' 'Book Publish Year,' 'Book Identifier,' 'Book Language,' 'Book Price,' 'Book URL,' 'Book Summary,' and 'Book Summary.' Click save. The information should be show up on the main book view. On the book preview in the 'Wishlist' view, the 'Book Publisher,' 'Book Publish Year,' 'Where to Buy,' 'Total Number of Pages,' and 'Book Format' should display.
33.9: Click the plus button under the authors section three times to add authors. In one of the records, add an author first name and last name. Remove another one. Click save. The added author should be displayed on the main book view and on the book preview in the 'Wishlist' view.
33.10: Add another author and click save. There should be two authors in the lists.
33.11: Remove one of the authors. The removed author should not longer show in the lists.

Test 34: Wishlist: Add to library
34.1: Click 'Add to Library.' A popup should display asking if you want to move the book to your library. Click no. Another popup should display saying action was canceled. The book should still be in the Wishlist and you should still be on the main book view.
34.2: Click 'Add to Library' again. This time, click yes. A popup will show up saying the book was moved to the library and the Wishlist item was deleted. You should be navigated back to the 'Wishlist' view and the moved book should not be in the list. It should show up in the 'To Be Read' view and 'All Books' view. Also, a new series and author will be created if the names do not match existing records. If the names do match, the Wishlist book will be added to the existing series and/or author.

Test 35: Wishlist: Delete book
35.1: Click 'Delete Book.' You should get a popup asking if you are sure you want to delete the book. Click no. You should get a popup saying the action was canceled and you should stay on the main book view, and the book should not be deleted.
35.2: Click 'Delete Book' again. This time, click yes on the popup. You should get a popup saying the book was deleted. You should be navigated back to the 'Wishlist' view and the Wishlist book should no longer be found.

Test 36: Wishlist: Share book
36.1: Click the icon in a book.
36.2: If there is just a book title, you will only see a book title to copy.
36.3: If there is a book title and one author, you will see book title by author.
36.4: If there is a book title and more than one author, you will see book title by author, et al.
36.5: If there is a book title and author/s and a URL, you will see book title by author (book URL).
36.6: If there is a book title and a URL (no author/s), you will see book tile (book URL).

Test 37: Wishlist: Filtering Wishlist
37.1: Authors: The default will be 'All Authors' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of the author name (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Author' and click save. This should only display books without authors listed.
37.2: Authors: Change the filter to any of the other listed authors and click save. This should only display books with that author listed.
37.3: Authors: Change the filter to 'All Authors' and click Save. This should reset the list back.
37.4: Publishers: The default will be 'All Publishers' and will display all books in the list, regardless of the publisher (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Publisher' and click save. This should only display books without publishers listed.
37.5: Publishers: Change the filter to any of the other listed publishers and click save. This should only display books with that publisher listed.
37.6: Publishers: Change the filter to 'All Publishers' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.7: Publish Years: The default will be 'All Publish Years' and will display all books in the list, regardless of the publish year (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Publish Year' and click save. This should only display books without a publish year listed.
37.8: Publish Years: Change the filter to any of the publish year ranges listed and click save. This should only display books within that publish year range.
37.9: Publish Years: Change the filter to 'All Publish Years' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.10: Book Formats: The default will be 'All Formats' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of the book format.
37.11: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'eBook' and click save. This should only display books in the eBook format.
37.12: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Paperback' and click save. This should only display books in the Paperback format.
37.13: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Hardcover' and click save. This should only display books in the Hardcover format.
37.14: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'Audiobook' and click save. This should only display books in the Audiobook format.
37.15: Book Formats: Change the filter to 'All Formats' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.16: Book Language: The default will be 'All Languages' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of language (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Language' and click save. This should only display books without a language listed.
37.17: Book Language: Change the filter to any of the languages listed and click save. This should only display books with that language listed.
37.18: Book Language: Change the filter to 'All Languages' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.19: Book Location: The default will be 'All Locations' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of location (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Location' and click save. This should only display books without a location listed.
37.20: Book Location: Change the filter to any of the locations listed and click save. This should only display books with that location listed.
37.21: Book Location: Change the filter to 'All Locations' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.22: Book Series: The default will be 'All Series' and will display all the books in the list, regardless of series (or lack there of). Change the filter to 'No Series' and click save. This should only display books without a series listed.
37.23: Book Series: Change the filter to any of the series listed and click save. This should only display books with that series listed.
37.24: Book Series: Change the filter to 'All Series' and click save. This should reset the list back.
37.25: Change any number of filters, but click outside the popup and do not save. The list should not update.
37.26: Change the filters to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 38: Wishlist: Sorting Wishlist
38.1: Book Title: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Title' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list by book title (alphabetically).
38.2: Book Title: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Title' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.3: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the first listed author last name (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
38.4: Author Last Name: Change the radio buttons to 'Author Last Name' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the first listed author last name (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.5: Book Publisher: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publisher' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publisher (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
38.6: Book Publisher: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publisher' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publisher (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.7: Book Publish Year: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publish Year' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publish year (oldest) then by book title (alphabetically).
38.8: Book Publish Year: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Publish Year' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book publish year (newest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.9: Book Format: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Format' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book format (alphabetically), then by book title (alphabetically).
38.10: Book Format: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Format' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book format (reverse alphabetically), then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.11: Page Count: Change the radio buttons to 'Page Count' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book total pages (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
38.12: Page Count: Change the radio buttons to 'Page Count' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book total pages (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.13: Book Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Price' and 'Ascending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book price (smallest) then by book title (alphabetically).
38.14: Book Price: Change the radio buttons to 'Book Price' and 'Descending' and click save. This should sort the list first by the book price (largest) then by book title (reverse alphabetically).
38.15: Default: Book Title, Ascending.
38.16: Change the radio buttons to any options and click save. Then close the app. The defaults on the specific view will now be what the last selection was.

Test 39: Wishlist: Share Wishlist
39.1: Click the Share icon on the Wishlist (not the books).
39.2: A text file should be created called Wishlist and you should be able to share it.

Test 40: Information popups
40.1: Click on the information popups on all the screens. There should be the information icon on the left and text on the right of the popup. It should be formatted and the text should be visible on the entire popup.

Test 41: Statistics
41.1: Library Statistics: The 'Number of Books' should be all the books on the 'All Books' view.
41.2: Library Statistics: The 'Total Value' should be the combined price of all the books on the 'All Books' view.
41.3: Library Statistics: The 'Books Read This Year' should be the number of books on the 'Read' view that have a 'Reading End Date' for this year.
41.4: Library Statistics: The 'Pages Read This Year' should be the page count of the books on the 'Read' view that have a 'Reading End Date' for this year.
41.5: Library Statistics: The 'Reading Status' graph should display the number of books on the 'Reading' view, 'To Be Read' view, and 'Read' view, totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.6: Library Statistics: The 'Favorite Status' graph should display the number of books listed as favorites and non-favorites, totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.7: Library Statistics: The 'Rating Status' graph should display the number of books with each rating, totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.8: Library Statistics: The 'Book Format' graph should display the number of books for each book format, totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.9: Library Statistics: The 'Book Formats By Price' graph should display the price per book format, totaling up to the 'Total Value.'
41.10: Library Statistics: The 'Top Collections' graph should display the top collections (up to 5, and including No Collection) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.11: Library Statistics: The 'Top Genres' graph should display the top genres (up to 5, and including No Genre) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.12: Library Statistics: The 'Top Series' graph should display the top series (up to 5, and including No Series) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.13: Library Statistics: The 'Top Authors' graph should display the top authors (up to 5, and including No Author) with the total number of books for each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.14: Library Statistics: The 'Top Locations' graph should display the top locations (up to 5, and including No Location) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.15: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Number of Books' should be all the books on the 'Wishlist' view.
41.16: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Total Value' should be the combined price of all the books on the 'Wishlist' view.
41.17: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Book Format' graph should display the number of books for each book format, totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.18: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Book Formats By Price' graph should display the price per book format, totaling up to the 'Total Value.'
41.19: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Top Series' graph should display the top series (up to 5, and including No Series) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.20: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Top Authors' graph should display the top authors (up to 5, and including No Author) with the total number of books for each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'
41.21: Wishlist Statistics: The 'Top Locations' graph should display the top locations (up to 5, and including No Location) with the total number of books in each (descending order), totaling up to the 'Number of Books.'

Test 42: Export
42.1: All checkboxes should be checked by default.
42.2: Click 'Export.' A popup should show asking if you want to export the data. Click no. Another popup will show the action has been canceled and nothing happens.
42.3: Click 'Export' again. This time, click yes. If export location has not been set before, you will be prompted to select the location. The export will continue to retrieve data and write it to a spreadsheet for each of the times. While an item is being worked on, it will show as the default color. If the item has not been worked on, it will show as waiting. If an item was not checked, it will show as skipped. When the export is complete, a popup will display. You can confirm the totals are correct. You can also refresh to reset the screen.
42.4: If there are any errors during export, it will cancel.

Test 43: Import
43.1: All checkboxes should be checked by default.
43.2: Click 'Import.' A popup should show asking if you want to import the data. Click no. Another popup will show the action has been canceled and nothing happens.
43.3: Click 'Import' again. This time, click yes. You will be navigated to a selection screen to pick the file to import. The import will continue to retrieve data and write it to the phone for each of the times. While an item is being worked on, it will show as the default color. If the item has not been worked on, it will show as waiting. If an item was not checked, it will show as skipped. When the import is complete, a popup will display. You can confirm the totals are correct. You can also refresh to reset the screen.
43.4: If there are any errors during import, it will cancel.

Test 44: Settings
44.1: App Theme: This should default to the system default, or whatever the user selected. Change the theme and close the app. Notice the theme stays whatever was last selected upon reopening.
44.2: Color: You can select the color you want the app to display. At the moment, there are 7 presets. The color will not change on the app icon or splash screen, but all the other components inside that app should change.
44.3: Export Location: You can set or reset the default export location here. If you set this first before you export, you will not be asking to pick a default location on first export.
44.4: Language: This sets the language of the app. Only English is available right now.
44.5: Currency: This sets the currency of the app. Only USD is available right now.
44.6: Comments Toggle: Setting 'Show Comments in books' to false will hide (not delete) the comments section in the books and Wishlist books.
44.7: Chapters Toggle: Setting 'Show Chapters in books' to false will hide (not delete) the chapters section in the books and Wishlist books.
44.8: Favorite Toggle: Setting 'Show Favorite option in books' to false will hide the ability to mark a book as a favorite, the favorite filter, and the favorite graph on the 'Statistics' view.
44.9: Rating Toggle: Setting 'Show Rating option in books' to false will hide the ability to rate a book, the rating filter, and the rating graph on the 'Statistics' view.
44.10: Hidden Books Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Books in lists' to false will hide the books marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.11: Hidden Collections Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Collections in lists' to false will hide the collections marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.12: Hidden Genres Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Genres in lists' to false will hide the genres marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.13: Hidden Series Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Series in lists' to false will hide the series marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.14: Hidden Authors Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Authors in lists' to false will hide the authors marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.15: Hidden Locations Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Locations in lists' to false will hide the locations marked for hiding. They will not show up in any of the lists, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.
44.16: Hidden Wishlist Books Toggle: Setting 'Show Hidden Wishlist Books in lists' to false will hide the books marked for hiding. They will not show up in the list, counts, or graphs will the toggle is false.

Test 45: Book Search and Scan
45.1: Click the book search icon in the edit book view.
45.2: To scan a barcode, click 'Scan Barcode' and the camera will popup. The scanner will recognize all barcodes, but only approve book barcodes.
45.3: Once book barcode is scanned, it will automatically try to search for the book. If the book was found, it will display in the list. Click on the book to add the data to the previous screen. It will not override any existing data (example, you already have a title typed).
45.4: To search on just a ISBN (Book Identifier), you can type in the number and click search. If book was found, click on it to add. It will not override any existing data (example, you already have a title typed).
45.5: Add or edit any additional data before saving.